guys my thoughts and opinions on
Yeah, outsiders. Basically soda pop was super duper bad
He's really hot.
and i thought he was like a d1 daddy um
And then on top of that, I thought the whole plot...
Not the plot, but the general message of the book was a little bit stupid.
because like the poor people.
Literally got like killed and like hate crimes could be like (***)
But then the rich people were like, oh, but uh you don't get it.
We're not allowed to have emotions. I just thought it was really stupid and stuff.
Except for that one rich kid that got stabbed to death.
Like , Yeahhhh..
But that ,that's ,that was like  a one-time occurrence compared to like so many other things that happen
That's it. That's my thoughts. Okay
Okay. Ohhhh.... Oh.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm sorry. My sincerest apologies.
So it (***) boy what? ,Hahaha . So
I've never heard
That's just you.
What else?  Oh I read Romeo and Juliet.
Really? Oh wow
It was okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.
No, 8th grade is the (***) 7th grade is the outsider.
and Malala.
But a four.
Really? I don't know, like three or four is more like it.
I remember it, yeah.
I felt bad when the horse died.
The one who was like guys like I don't care. I just want to look pretty like that's it
her i felt bad when she died i think she died
So tough, so tough, so tough, so tough.
And then when they stood up on two legs and you can't distinguish man from pig.
Ooooooo........
Who is Kobe Bryant? Who is LeBron James?
Oh! Oh! Oh! Cross! Cross over! Cross over! Cross over!
That one was tough. I cried reading that. That was tough.
Dad, dad, dad. That was sad. That was sad.
Yeah.
Oh my god, I still have my fifth grade teacher's copy of that, but then we had COVID.
So I never gave it back to her. Yeah, it's fun.
I liked that book I think.
Me too, but there's a bridge
And there's like this doll right like this bunny doll
And then there's like a bridge and then Terabithia is like the other world, right?
Ohhh
It was a very, like, imaginatory imaginative.
That sounds familiar.
Probably. It's been a while.
Hahahahahha
I've never read it before. Why don't you buy it since you're on your own?
That is quite sad.
I was also agreeing, like in genuine ,genuinity
I have a series
I bet you don't like it because the main character is a girl.
Yeah I wonder why.
Haahaahaa..
You just couldn't relate to her experiences.
But, Hahahaha .Yeah
Woah, what? He just does a face like, I look like a blue dolphin.
Bye!